Update firewall rules, PrivateLink and VPC Peering documentation (#207)
cloudamqp/terraform-provider-cloudamqp: docs/resources/privatelink_azure.md

  Enable PrivateLink for a CloudAMQP instance hosted in Azure.
---

# cloudamqp_privatelink_azure

Enable PrivateLink for a CloudAMQP instance hosted in Azure. If no existing VPC available when enable PrivateLink, a new VPC will be created with subnet `10.52.72.0/24`.

~> **Note:** Enable PrivateLink will trigger a firewall change that automatically add rule for the peered subnet.
<details>
 <summary>
    <i>Default PrivateLink firewall rule</i>
  </summary>
```hcl
rules {
  Description = "PrivateLink setup"
  ip          = "<VPC Subnet>"
  ports       = []
  services    = ["AMQP", "AMQPS", "HTTPS", "STREAM", "STREAM_SSL", "STOMP", "STOMPS", "MQTT", "MQTTS"]
}
```
</details>

> Pricing is available at [cloudamqp.com](https://www.cloudamqp.com/plans.html) and more information about [CloudAMQP Privatelink](https://www.cloudamqp.com/docs/cloudamqp-privatelink.html#azure-privatelink).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pricing is available at [cloudamqp.com](https://www.cloudamqp.com/plans.html) where you can also find more information about [CloudAMQP PrivateLink](https://www.cloudamqp.com/docs/cloudamqp-privatelink.html#azure-privatelink).
```
